Readme.md, before:

![Nadia's GitHub Banner](./assets/nadiadubellbanner.png)

[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-profile-badge?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logocolor=white&color=blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nadiadubell/)

## Hi There! 👋

- 🌱 I'm currently learning Cloud Computing Technologies.
- 👯 I'm looking to contribute to open source projects.
- ⚡ Fun Fact: I enjoy knitting, two-stepping, yoga, and art.

#### DEVELOPMENT TOOLS & SKILLS

<p> 
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react-logo" height="45" width="45" /> 
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3-logo" heigth="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original-wordmark.svg" alt="tailwindcss-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jest/jest-plain.svg" alt="jest-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="node-js-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express-js-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <picture>
        <source srcset="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-original.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" alt="ubuntu-logo">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" alt="ubuntu-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    </picture>
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux-logo" height="45" width="45" />
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="git-logo" height="45" width="45" />
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original-wordmark.svg" alt="github-logo" height="45" width="45" /> 
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original-wordmark.svg"  alt="vscode-logo" height="45" width="45" />   
</p>

#### DESIGN SOFTWARE

<p>
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" alt="photoshop-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" alt="illustrator-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/aftereffects/aftereffects-plain.svg" alt="after-effects-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/xd/xd-plain.svg" alt="adobe-xd-logo" heigth="45" width="45" />     
</p>

## Projects

### Portfolio Site

![Portfolio Site Project](./assets/PortfolioSiteScreenshot.PNG)[Click here to see the live project](https://www.nadiadubell.dev/)

### Social Dev Stack

![Social Dev Project](./assets/SocialDevStackScreenshoot.PNG)[Click here to see the live project](https://dev-social-stack.netlify.app/)

For test login info please send a LinkedIn request.

### Book Tracker

![Book Tracker Project](./assets/BookTrackerScreenshot.JPG)[Click here to see the live project](https://book-tracker-nd.netlify.app/)

<!-- ## GITHUB STATS

![Nadia's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nadiadubell&show_icons=true&theme=algolia) -->

Commit message:

chore: added the AWS Static Website Example to projects section

Readme.md, after:

![Nadia's GitHub Banner](./assets/nadiadubellbanner.png)

[![LinkedIn Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin-profile-badge?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logocolor=white&color=blue)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nadiadubell/)

## Hi There! 👋

- 🌱 I'm currently learning Cloud Computing Technologies.
- 👯 I'm looking to contribute to open source projects.
- ⚡ Fun Fact: I enjoy knitting, two-stepping, yoga, and art.

#### DEVELOPMENT TOOLS & SKILLS

<p> 
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react-logo" height="45" width="45" /> 
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" alt="typescript-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3-logo" heigth="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-original-wordmark.svg" alt="tailwindcss-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/jest/jest-plain.svg" alt="jest-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original.svg" alt="node-js-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/express/express-original-wordmark.svg" alt="express-js-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/csharp/csharp-original.svg" alt="csharp-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java-logo" height="45" width="45">
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/postgresql/postgresql-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="postgresql-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <picture>
        <source srcset="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-original.svg" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" alt="ubuntu-logo">
        <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/ubuntu/ubuntu-plain.svg" alt="ubuntu-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    </picture>
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux-logo" height="45" width="45" />
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/git/git-plain-wordmark.svg" alt="git-logo" height="45" width="45" />
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original-wordmark.svg" alt="github-logo" height="45" width="45" /> 
   <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/vscode/vscode-original-wordmark.svg"  alt="vscode-logo" height="45" width="45" />   
</p>

#### DESIGN SOFTWARE

<p>
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/photoshop/photoshop-plain.svg" alt="photoshop-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/illustrator/illustrator-plain.svg" alt="illustrator-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/aftereffects/aftereffects-plain.svg" alt="after-effects-logo" height="45" width="45" />
    <img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/xd/xd-plain.svg" alt="adobe-xd-logo" heigth="45" width="45" />     
</p>

## Projects

### Portfolio Site

![Portfolio Site Project](./assets/PortfolioSiteScreenshot.PNG)[Click here to see the live project](https://www.nadiadubell.dev/)

### AWS Static Website Example

![AWS Static Website Example](./assets/HomePageScreenshot.png)[Click here to see the live project](http://nd-static-website-example.s3-website-us-east-1.amazonaws.com/)

### Social Dev Stack

![Social Dev Project](./assets/SocialDevStackScreenshoot.PNG)[Click here to see the live project](https://dev-social-stack.netlify.app/)

For test login info please send a LinkedIn request.

### Book Tracker

![Book Tracker Project](./assets/BookTrackerScreenshot.JPG)[Click here to see the live project](https://book-tracker-nd.netlify.app/)

<!-- ## GITHUB STATS

![Nadia's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=nadiadubell&show_icons=true&theme=algolia) -->
